 " extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness . 
a fascinating and fun film . 
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure . 
i admired this work a lot . 
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy . 
[a] rare , beautiful film . 
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story . 
the result is something quite fresh and delightful . 
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure . 
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
parker holds true to wilde's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness . 
if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite . 
a wonderful character-based comedy . 
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage . 
boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 
energetic and boldly provocative . 
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny . 
[an] hilarious romantic comedy . 
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man . 
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
a pleasant romantic comedy . 
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer . 
hilarious , acidic brit comedy . 
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable . 
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes . 
both deeply weird and charmingly dear . 
it's a masterpiece . 
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics . 
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked . 
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over . 
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish . 
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film . 
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic . 
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women . 
it's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic . 
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura . 
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide . 
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining . 
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it . 
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable . 
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller . 
invincible is a wonderful movie . 
 . . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role . 
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film . 
a modest masterpiece . 
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
a potent allegorical love story . 
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
a warm , funny , engaging film . 
entertains by providing good , lively company . 
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie . 
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie . 
 . . . a true delight . 
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
 . . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs � sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
a true pleasure . 
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun . 
it all adds up to good fun . 
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
old-form moviemaking at its best . 
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix . 
a tender , heartfelt family drama . 
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise . 
sexy and romantic . 
a marvel like none you've seen . 
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat . 
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama . 
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie . 
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original . 
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor . 
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you . 
a delightful coming-of-age story . 
 . . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down . 
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny . 
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture . 
delightfully rendered
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological . 
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 
familiar but utterly delightful . 
fun and nimble . 
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie . 
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 
 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
it is definitely worth seeing . 
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . 
[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
strange it is , but delightfully so . 
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . 
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
the performances are remarkable . 
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . 
beautifully produced . 
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 
 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any " jackass " fan could want . 
surprisingly powerful and universal . 
pray has really done his subject justice . 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 
gently humorous and touching . 
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 
a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 
hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
a classy , sprightly spin on film . 
a moving , if uneven , success . 
slight but enjoyable documentary . 
an impressive hybrid . 
pretty good little movie . 
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations . 
adaptation is simply brilliant . 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors . 
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 
a slight but sweet film . 
a beautifully observed character piece . 
 . . . a guiltless film for nice evening out . 
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play . 
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 
it's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
a good thriller . 
murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget . 
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
if you like peace , you'll like promises . 
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 
it's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 
it's never dull and always looks good . 
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 
a smart , compelling drama . 
a pleasing , often-funny comedy . 
good , solid storytelling . 
 " home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute . 
 . . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 
a charming but slight comedy . 
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
moving and vibrant . 
brave and sweetly rendered love story . 
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . 
harmless fun . 
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
what i saw , i enjoyed . 
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . 
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 
a true-blue delight . 
a fun ride . 
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
a surprisingly funny movie . 
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 
a lovely film for the holiday season . 
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
a weird and wonderful comedy . 
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
a wonderful , ghastly film . 
uneven but a lot of fun . 
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 
fantastic ! 
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 
a conventional but heartwarming tale . 
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . 
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 
all in all , a great party . 
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
a very charming and funny movie . 
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 
daring and beautifully made . 
ferrara's best film in years . 
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 
tells a fascinating , compelling story . 
if you've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work . 
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
delirious fun . 
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
really quite funny . 
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied . 
gloriously straight from the vagina . 
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 
wise and deadpan humorous . 
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
 . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
exhilarating , funny and fun . 
uplifting , funny and wise . 
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . 
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
formuliac , but fun . 
feels untidily honest . 
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable . 
a joyous occasion
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel . 
sly , sophisticated and surprising . 
spare but quietly effective retelling . 
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
works as pretty contagious fun . 
great character interaction . 
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes . 
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
a wry , affectionate delight . 
it's a very valuable film . . . 
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
